Docs/978 update readme (#979)
pluralsight/pando: packages/design-tokens/README.md

# Design Tokens

The foundation package to the Pando ecosystem which creates design tokens for all platforms using [style dictionary](https://amzn.github.io/style-dictionary/#/).

## What role does this package play in Pando?

```mermaid
erDiagram
  PANDO ||--o{ DESIGN-TOKENS : contains
  PANDO ||--o{ ICONS : contains
  PANDO ||--o{ HEADLESS-STYLES : contains
  PANDO ||--o{ REACT-UTILS : contains
  DESIGN-TOKENS ||..|{ NORMALIZE-SETUP : contains
  NORMALIZE-SETUP ||..|{ THEMES : contains
  HEADLESS-STYLES ||--|{ DESIGN-TOKENS : uses
```

Despite this being one of the simplist packages (SCSS & YAML), it plays a foundational role in the entire Pando ecosystem.

### Design Tokens General Function

The design-tokens package owns all the themes available from Pando via the [tokens/base](https://github.com/pluralsight/pando/tree/main/packages/design-tokens/tokens/base) directory. This folder ultimately runs through our custom Style Dictionary config for both web and mobile to produce our [themes and Web Meta](https://design.pluralsight.com/docs/next/development/tokens/intro#usage).

### Normalize Setup within Design Tokens

> Additionally, the design-tokens package owns the [Fonts & Normalize Setup](https://design.pluralsight.com/docs/next/development/getting-started/installation#ps-tt-commons-font). This process is separate from tokens and use SASS to pre-proces the [entry file](https://github.com/pluralsight/pando/blob/main/packages/design-tokens/normalize.scss).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the design-tokens package owns the [Fonts & Normalize Setup](https://design.pluralsight.com/docs/next/development/getting-started/installation#ps-tt-commons-font). This process is separate from tokens and uses SASS to pre-process the [entry file](https://github.com/pluralsight/pando/blob/main/packages/design-tokens/normalize.scss).
```
